README.md, before:

# starbucks-uml
Starbucks UML Generator

## Steps to setup the UML generator application

1. Copy the content of uml-graph to java lib folder. (For ex: "/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_221.jdk/Contents/Home/lib")
2. Copy the sequence folder to any location in the machine.
3. Install graphviz (brew install graphviz).
4. Modify the junit2umlConfig.conf file variables as follows,
 - outputLocation - The desired output path for your UML and Sequence diagrams.
 - projectRootPath - The root path of your Starbucks project
 - umlGraphPath - The path of the java lib folder in your machine. This is where the UmlGraph jar should be present. (This is included in the git repo in the uml-graph folder.)
 - sequenceJarPath - The path where sequence-10.jar file is present. (This is included in the git repo in the sequence folder.)
 - dotPath - This is the path containing the dot executable (for ex: "/usr/local/bin/dot")

## An example config file looks like this,

	outputLocation = "/Users/saiprithipa/output"
	projectRootPath = "/Users/saiprithipa/git/starbucks-uml/starbucks"
	umlGraphPath = "/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_221.jdk/Contents/Home/lib"
	sequenceJarPath = "/Users/saiprithipa/git/Updated/starbucks-uml/sequence"
	dotPath = "/usr/local/bin"

5. Build the project "junit2uml-runner-gradle" using "./gradlew clean build".
6. Build the project "junit2uml-gradle" using "./gradlew shadowJar".
7. Add the following entry in your bash profile, "alias junit2uml='/Users/saiprithipa/git/starbucks-uml/junit2uml-runner-gradle/test2uml.sh'" (test2uml.sh file can be found in junit2uml-runner-gradle project.)
8. Run the following command, "junit2uml -c <config_file_location> -t "starbucks.MainTest"

Check the results in the output folder, which you provided in the config file.


## Additions to build.gradle file of starbucks (to enable aspect weaving)
- Change the buildscript block to the below.

```
buildscript {
    repositories {
        maven { url "https://maven.eveoh.nl/content/repositories/releases" }
    }
    dependencies {
        classpath("nl.eveoh:gradle-aspectj:2.0")
        classpath fileTree(dir: 'libs', include: '*.jar')
    }
}
```
- Add the aspectjVersion and plugin as below,

```
project.ext {
    aspectjVersion = '1.8.12'
}

apply plugin: "aspectj"
```

- Add the following to dependencies,

```
compileAspect {
        additionalAjcArgs = ['encoding': 'UTF-8', 'source': '1.8', 'target': '1.8']
    }

    compileTestAspect {
        additionalAjcArgs = ['encoding': 'UTF-8', 'source': '1.8', 'target': '1.8']
    }

    ajInpath files("/Users/nishant/git/starbucks-git/starbucks-uml/libraries/junit2uml-1.0-SNAPSHOT-all.jar"){

    }

    testAjInpath files("/Users/nishant/git/starbucks-git/starbucks-uml/libraries/junit2uml-1.0-SNAPSHOT-all.jar") {

    }
```

#### Please refer to https://github.com/nguyensjsu/starbucks-uml/blob/master/starbucks/build.gradle for detailed example.

Commit message:

Updated with latest shell script conversion
Updated README with latest shell script conversion.

README.md, after:

# starbucks-uml
Starbucks UML Generator

## Steps to setup the UML generator application

1. Copy the folder "uml-script" which contains the script and required jars to your desired location.
2. Make changes as per section 2 to starbucks build.gradle file. 
3. Command to run 

```
./umlgen.sh <starbucks project root path> <test to run (starbucks.MainTest)> <output location>
```


## Section 2 - Additions to build.gradle file of starbucks (to enable aspect weaving)
- Change the buildscript block to the below.

```
buildscript {
    repositories {
        maven { url "https://maven.eveoh.nl/content/repositories/releases" }
    }
    dependencies {
        classpath("nl.eveoh:gradle-aspectj:2.0")
        classpath fileTree(dir: 'libs', include: '*.jar')
    }
}
```
- Add the aspectjVersion and plugin as below,

```
project.ext {
    aspectjVersion = '1.8.12'
}

apply plugin: "aspectj"
```

- Add the following to dependencies,

```
compileAspect {
        additionalAjcArgs = ['encoding': 'UTF-8', 'source': '1.8', 'target': '1.8']
    }

    compileTestAspect {
        additionalAjcArgs = ['encoding': 'UTF-8', 'source': '1.8', 'target': '1.8']
    }

    ajInpath files("<uml-library location containing junit2uml jar>"){

    }

    testAjInpath files("<uml-library location containing junit2uml jar>") {

    }
```

#### Please refer to https://github.com/nguyensjsu/starbucks-uml/blob/master/starbucks/build.gradle for detailed example.
